71
LibertyLink Corn — Postemergence Herbicides
Herbicide Formulation Product Rate Range
Corn Glufosinate
Liberty/Cheetah/Interline 2.34L 22 oz
Glufosinate is a contact, broad-spectrum herbicide for postemergence use only on LibertyLink (glufosinate-resis-
tant) corn.
Site of action: group 10 (see pages 22-23).
Glufosinate controls many annual grass and broadleaf weeds up to 3 to 6 inches tall when applied at a rate of 22
oz per acre.
Mixing with atrazine improves control of many weeds, including pigweeds, waterhemp, velvetleaf,
annual morningglories, and lambsquarters, and can provide residual control.
Maximum total amount of glufosinate
that can be applied per season (burndown + POST) is 44 oz.
Ohio State and Purdue University research indicates that glufosinate is most effective in a combined preemergence
plus postemergence program, where the preemergence herbicide will provide control of grass and broadleaf
weeds for several weeks to a month after corn planting.
Postemergence applications of glufosinate in this program
should include atrazine, Capreno, or Laudis where possible.
Glufosinate is weak on yellow foxtail, barnyardgrass,
and lambsquarters, and the other PRE or POST herbicides used with glufosinate should provide substantial control
of these weeds.
Maximum height for grass weeds at the 22 oz/A rate: barnyardgrass, crabgrass, yellow foxtail, fall panicum - 3
inches; woolly cupgrass, shattercane, and green, giant, and robust foxtails - 6 inches; volunteer corn - 10 inches.
Yellow foxtail and crabgrass should be treated prior to tiller initiation for best results.
Glufosinate is most effective
on volunteer corn (including glyphosate-resistant) that is 6 to 12 inches tall.
Maximum height for broadleaf weeds at the 22 oz/A rate: velvetleaf, pigweeds - 3 inches; lambsquarters, water-
hemp - 4 inches; burcucumber, cocklebur, annual morningglories, eastern black nightshade, ragweeds, and Penn-
sylvania smartweed - 6 inches.
Glufosinate plus atrazine (1 lb ai/A) will control or suppress some perennial weeds, including dandelion, Canada
thistle, Jerusalem artichoke, and wirestem muhly.
Glufosinate has activity on above-ground growth only, so re-
growth of perennials may occur and retreatment may be necessary.
Apply with AMS at the rate of 3 lbs/A, or 17 lbs/100 gallons.
When air temperatures are above 85 degrees, the rate
can be reduced to 1.5 lbs/A, or 8.5 lbs/100 gallons, to reduce the risk of leaf burn.
Applying with surfactants or crop
oils may increase the risk of crop injury.
Apply broadcast from corn emergence through the V7 stage (7 collars), and as a directed spray up to 36-inch corn.
Apply in a minimum spray volume of 15 gpa.
Use a volume of 20 to 40 gpa in dense weed/crop canopies.
Glufos-
inate should be applied with a nozzle type and spray pressure that results in medium spray droplets (250 to 350
microns).
Glufosinate is most effective when applied under warm, sunny conditions.
Effectiveness may be reduced if applied
when heavy dew, fog and mist/rain are present, or if weeds are under stress due to drought, cool temperatures,
or extended periods of cloudiness.
To avoid reduced weed control, apply between dawn and two hours before
sunset.