99
Popcorn: Harvest Aid
Herbicide Formulation Product Rate Range
Aim 2EC 1 - 2 oz
Aim (carfentrazone) can be applied prior to harvest of corn for dessication of velvetleaf, morningglory, pigweeds,
and other weeds.
Apply at least 3 days before harvest when the crop is mature and grain has begun to dry down.
Site of action: group 14 (see pages 22-23).
Use a spray volume that results in complete coverage of foliage.
Apply with NIS (0.25% v/v) or COC (1 to 2% v/v).
Popcorn UAN or AMS may also be added.
Attribute Bt11 Sweet Corn (glufosinate-resistant)
Herbicide Formulation Product Rate Range
and
Liberty 280SL 2.34L 20 oz
Sweet
Liberty (glufosinate) is a contact, broad-spectrum herbicide for postemergence use only on Attribute Bt11 (glufos-
inate-resistant) sweet corn hybrids.
Site of action: group 10 (see pages 22-23).
Corn ■ Apply broadcast from corn emergence through 24-inch corn or the V7 stage (7 collars), whichever occurs first.
Can
be applied twice during the same season, for a maximum total of 40 oz/A.
Allow at least 10 days between applioca-
tions, and 50 days between the last application and harvest of ears.
Liberty should be used in a combined preemergence plus postemergence program, where the preemergence her-
bicide will provide control of grass and broadleaf weeds for several weeks to a month after corn planting.
Poste-
mergence applications of Liberty in this program should include atrazine or Laudis where possible.
Liberty is weak
on yellow foxtail, barnyardgrass, and lambsquarters, and the other PRE or POST herbicides used with Liberty should
provide substantial control of these weeds.
Maximum height for grass weeds: barnyardgrass, crabgrass, yellow foxtail, fall panicum - 3 inches; woolly cup-
grass, shattercane, and green, giant, and robust foxtails - 6 inches; volunteer corn - 10 inches.
Yellow foxtail and
crabgrass should be treated prior to tiller initiation for best results.
Liberty is most effective on volunteer corn
(including glyphosate-resistant) that is 6 to 12 inches tall.
Maximum height for broadleaf weeds: velvetleaf, pigweeds - 3 inches; lambsquarters, waterhemp - 4 inches; burcu-
cumber, cocklebur, annual morningglories, black nightshade, ragweeds, and Pennsylvania smartweed - 6 inches.
Apply with AMS at the rate of 3 lbs/A, or 17 lbs/100 gallons.
When air temperatures are above 85 degrees, the rate
can be reduced to 1.5 lbs/A, or 8.5 lbs/100 gallons, to reduce the risk of leaf burn.
Applying with surfactants or crop
oils may increase the risk of crop injury.
Apply in a spray volume of 15 to 20 gpa.
Liberty should be applied with a nozzle type and spray pressure that re-
sults in medium spray droplets (250 to 350 microns).
Liberty is most effective when applied under warm, sunny conditions.
Effectiveness may be reduced if applied
when heavy dew, fog and mist/rain are present, or if weeds are under stress due to drought, cool temperatures,
or extended periods of cloudiness.
To avoid reduced weed control, apply between dawn and two hours before
sunset.