133
LibertyLink Soybeans — Postemergence Herbicides
Herbicide Formulation Product Rate Range
Glufosinate
Liberty/Cheetah/Interline 2.34L 29 - 36 oz
Glufosinate is a contact, broad-spectrum herbicide for postemergence use only on LibertyLink (glufosinate-resis-
tant) soybeans.
Site of action: group 10 (see pages 22-23).
Controls many annual grass and broadleaf weeds up to 3 to 6 inches tall when applied at a rate of 29 oz/A.
Two
postemergence applications are allowed, but the total amount of glufosinate per season (burndown + POST) should
not exceed 65 oz/A.
Glufosinate is most effective in a combined preemergence plus postemergence program, where the preemergence
herbicide will provide control of grass and broadleaf weeds for several weeks to a month after soybean planting.
The preemergence herbicide should have substantial activity on lambsquarters, giant ragweed, waterhemp, mares-
tail, and velvetleaf.
Glufosinate is weak on barnyardgrass, crabgrass, and yellow foxtail, and these weeds should be
controlled by the PRE herbicides or with the addition of a POST grass herbicide (clethodim, Fusion, etc.).
Controls ragweed and marestail resistant to group 2 and/or 9.
For most effective control, apply when weeds are 4
to 6 inches tall.
A second application (approximately 3 weeks later) will be necessary in dense giant ragweed infes-
Soybeans tations, where the preemergence herbicide fails to substantially reduce the weed population, or for control of large
marestail that were present at the time of soybean planting and escaped prior herbicide treatment.
Suppresses some perennial weeds, but has activity on above-ground growth only.
Regrowth of perennials may
require a second application.
Activity on certain weeds is enhanced by the addition of AMS.
The glufosinate labels do not mention AMS with
regard to LibertyLink soybeans, but specifies the use of AMS (3 lbs/A, or 17 lbs/100 gallons) in postemergence ap-
plications to LibertyLink corn.
Glufosinate has typically been applied with AMS (8.5 lbs/100 gallons) in university
research trials.
Apply after soybean emergence and prior to soybean bloom.
Apply in a minimum spray volume of 15 gpa.
Use a volume of 20 to 40 gpa in dense weed/crop canopies.
Apply
with a nozzle type and spray pressure that results in medium spray droplets (250 to 350 microns).
Glufosinate is most effective when applied under warm, sunny conditions.
Effectiveness may be reduced if applied
when heavy dew, fog and mist/rain are present, or if weeds are under stress due to drought, cool temperatures,
or extended periods of cloudiness.
To avoid reduced weed control, apply between dawn and two hours before
sunset.
Herbicide Formulation Product Rate Range
Cheetah Max 3L 26 - 42 oz
Cheetah Max is a premix of glufosinate and fomesafen for postemergence use only on LibertyLink (glufosinate-
resistant) soybeans.
The addition of fomesafen to glufosinate can improve control of emerged waterhemp and
Palmer amaranth, and provide some residual control of these weeds.
Site of action: group 10 (glufosinate); group 14 (fomesafen).
See pages 22-23.
Controls many annual grass and broadleaf weeds up to 3 to 6 inches tall.
Use rates: north of I-70 - 26 to 40 oz;
south of I-70 - 26 to 42 oz.
Apply in a minimum spray volume of 15 gpa, and increase to 20 to 40 gpa in dense
weed/crop canopies.
Cheetah Max is most effective in a combined preemergence plus postemergence program, where the preemer-
gence herbicide will provide control of grass and broadleaf weeds for several weeks to a month after soybean
planting.
Cheetah Max is weak on barnyardgrass, crabgrass, and yellow foxtail, and these weeds should be con-
trolled by the PRE herbicides or with the addition of a POST grass herbicide (clethodim, Fusion, etc.).
Often causes temporary soybean leaf burn.
Cheetah Max contains adjuvants, and use of additional adjuvant will
increase the risk of crop injury.
Apply prior to bloom stage.