The crop tolerance rating for Acetochlor is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Acetochlor + atrazine is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Acuron is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Acuron Flexi is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Anthem Flex/Maxx is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Atrazine is 0, indicating excellent tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Atrazine + mesotrione + metolachlor is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Balance Flexx is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Corvus is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Coyote is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Fierce EZ is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Fierce MTZ/Kyber is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Flumioxazin is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Harness Max is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Hornet is 2, indicating fair tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Maverick is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Mesotrione is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Metolachlor is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Metolachlor + atrazine is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Outlook, Armezon PRO is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Prequel is 2, indicating fair tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Python/Accolade is 2, indicating fair tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Resicore XL is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Resolve Q/Crusher is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Sharpen is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Simazine is 0, indicating excellent tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for SureStart/TripleFlex/Threesidual is 2, indicating fair tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Trivolt is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Verdict is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Zidua is 1, indicating good tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Lorox/Linex is 2, indicating fair tolerance.
The crop tolerance rating for Pendimethalin is 2, indicating fair tolerance.
