Acetochlor is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Acetochlor + atrazine is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Acuron is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Acuron Flexi is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Anthem Flex/Maxx is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Atrazine is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Atrazine + mesotrione + metolachlor is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Balance Flexx provides 60% to 70% control of Shattercane, with a rating of 6.
Corvus provides 70% to 80% control of Shattercane, with a rating of 7.
Coyote is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Fierce EZ is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Fierce MTZ/Kyber is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Flumioxazin is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Harness Max is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Hornet is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Maverick is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Mesotrione is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Metolachlor is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Metolachlor + atrazine is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Outlook, Armezon PRO is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Prequel provides 60% to 70% control of Shattercane, with a rating of 6.
Python/Accolade is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Resicore XL is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Resolve Q/Crusher is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Sharpen is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Simazine is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
SureStart/TripleFlex/Threesidual is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Trivolt is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Verdict is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Zidua is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Lorox/Linex is not recommended for Shattercane control, with a rating of '-'.
Pendimethalin provides 60% to 70% control of Shattercane, with a rating of 6.
